[Music]
give me that
me that
Mercury
meated
Mercury me that
mercury huh
[Music]
give me that fulminated
mercury give me that fulminated
Mercury
meated
huh give me that
[Music]
Mercury me that
mercury huhy
[Music]
give me that
mercury me that fulminated
mercury me
thaty huh
[Music]
the
her typewriter is actually complex thr
and everyone's scared to admit it
[Music]
while truth INE
in the sh of my
easy I saw the vultur
cir AR you
lonely they
whisper you could use
the and it
all
fast I know I wasn't
the it's
that but can
I have
[Music]
beener in
is
[Music]
can like I need to get a new Cube it
one's so slippery
now I think a new Cube would fix all my
problems my my record is like 20 seconds
or 30 seconds which is like so whatever
I just did there was like pathetic
but nice okay thank you
herotic Badd
Unleashed Badd
Unleashed B
Unleashed don't do
that guys I have a new SlideShare for
you Daddy you'll have to look at the
stream for this one
[Music]
he
it's all about the game it's it's all
about the game hey everyone welcome to
the Violet Pony official live stream
live stream Violet
Pony hey everyone no no I'm funny don't
do that I'm
funny hey
everyone no you're fine you're fine bad
you think it's great um this [__] is not
official it's me I'm bankrupt rats with
terminal
salmonella
huh I would be so for real cuz
again every stream I have to make it
about being Filipino but when I was
little there is like a a salmonella
outbreak with like beef in the Bay Area
or something and the first time I heard
that word I was like oh like Manila the
Philippines is a Filipino disease
I was a I was like [__] seven years
old or
something it was
great
um what to what are we doing we
we
where I feel like every every this is
this is why I have to make every stream
about being Filipino because it's going
to be news to someone
it's always going to be news to someone
have to jump scare
everyone
[Music]
um what we got going on today we're
we're doing Red Dead Redemption 2
again and uh we have the p p de panal to
do the fladoodles to
do and uh we have some some fun [__]
I've been doing
let
me let me
demonstrate I don't miss
anymore stories
themselves
Beauty on
[Music]
theable
good W he
guys you blocked me on
Facebook we've taken control
now the world is
aen the world is
aen you my
everything [__] I'm Taylor
Swift nice um and then there's this
[Music]
this became the crunky
chion this town ain't big enough check
yourself at the door I know what do you
think dead on the scoreboard kicking up
a stink form right over function takes a
[__] to do it right blood on your land
when you lose every fight you know how
we do it on the bodies of your man put a
bullet where his brain should be plugged
right out the stem double barrel shy sh
rabbit another H in the back stitch by a
[__] yeah now
nice we're we're in the rap era now this
is the good news of
everything we're in the rap
era it's very fun vid turned me into a
rapper thank you top five
videos do I know Violet Pony music of
course you do that's familiar
feelings that is not funny guys
what can I context clue from
this what's a song that
starts silently there was colorless
that's what I did that last time when I
got
it what
else I don't think anything fair
Hills oh no it's not the start it's not
the
start starts at the last
one thinking very
hard could it be penumbra the part
before
right after if the
greatest villain is
you let's try
it okay
sure oh
it's okay down the
way Invasion
nice anony Violet Pony step remx
what is this I tell you I'll just get
the full
title
nice co I'd say that's a perfect score
what what else can you do with two
seconds of
Silence we got T to make up
for For the Love
of
mus in the name of
[Music]
friendship uh roses
SL uh hold on before I
forget wait what did I get
wrong oh [__] Same album
Polaroid
[__]
sure
whatever Bonnie Bonet
it's no matter what but is it 2012 2013
or
2014 I can't
tell I'm going to go to 2012 because of
that kick
DRM it's definitely not 2013 that's for
sure it's either 2012 or 2014 I think
it's
2012 is it
what
what oh it's
okay
okay it is 2014 wow
I'm at this time
[Music]
easy let's um s just magic of
friendship
nice quid quid Galaxy pay up
nice all right um that one that one kind
of [__]
me the 2013 version of no man has a very
particular Kick Drum
so the reason why it has to be a debate
between the first three is cuz the first
three are like the same
song and then it's only when in 2014
where we start to shake things up a
little
bit so for the uninitiated for for those
who don't know cuz like not everyone
actually knows that uh the first
official song in the in the Violet
catalog is no matter what 2012 and
basically every year I make a new
version of it in some capacity so the
first three of
them are all like the
[Music]
same um and then 2015 is where we did it
differently for the first
[Music]
time
hello B Camp you can do this I believe
in you I believe in you I believe in you
I believe in you
[Music]
H then 2016 is the orchestra one I
think yeah this is like this is like a
inspirational corporate like music
version of 20 of like no matter what in
2017 is the first was the
fullron no matter what
then there
is kind of the same
thing and 2019 was quite different
[Music]
again this one has a drop
guys
detain by
[Music]
vocal performance is a little
dodgy all
[Music]
alone and there was in 2020 I wanted to
do like a modern take of the original
one so that's like the this
[Music]
[Applause]
thing then I also remade it in like a
new
style then 2021 is like full on
departure into whatever this
is
fall is just another the word for life
and then my personal
favorite where we got this one going and
[Music]
like I'm such a big fan of this build up
to me if we were to erase the 2012 one
the 2022 one is like the Canon version
of like no matter what in my
opinion and then 2018 in 2023 we did the
[Music]
[__] type [__]
just [__] noise for the [__] of it
and then we did the uh we did this
one
I it's
just word
[Music]
for I wanted no matter what 24 to be
like my Disney Channel Original Movie
ending theme song version of no matter
what and yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
nice Viet Pony is Disney Channel now
everything's
great anyway let's let's play this
[__] horse video game known as red
horses shout out to Boba rat blast soda
pop
blast soda soda soda
soda soda
all right guys uh is is the video game
going to be flipped upside down let's
find
out there it is I don't I keep trying to
fix it I keep fixing it and it doesn't
give a
[__]
uh it's the have to do
the
there I don't know why he keeps doing
that let's go with the where am I we're
going to throw this up on screen for you
better oh I need
to don't worry about the
gun there we go
nice would you plug the USB upside
down and then of course to cosplay for
uh Red Dead too it is we're we're we are
going a little a little a little
crazy so let's
chill
out it's the Apple Jack
drink how's your sleeping oh yeah uh
yeah we're on like we're moving on to
week three I think is it week three oh
it's probably still week
two week two of no no sleeping meds
whatsoever I'm free
baby I haven't been having any trouble
sleeping at all either
so the main problem I keep having is I
keep just going to bed too late and I
have to wake up too
early
but but
yeah it's it's still very exciting for
me because
is the less complicated you make
sleeping the better it is and other
thing is uh the medication was like
definitely giving me a [__] ton of brain
fog it's probably still like it's
probably it's been less than 2 weeks so
it's like I'm still starting to recover
from the long-term uses of the stuff I
was using um but it's definitely like
[__] up my memory and attention span
in a lot of ways so now it's getting
better oh that's right we were here and
there was no hotel for me to take the
jacket
off where am
I you made this game I might
have oh is this like Chinatown
try to T in New
Orleans what was I even doing how did I
even get here I had to save that guy got
my fur Pelt
[__] stop
it oh I want to do a home
robbery I want to do a home
robbery I want to do a home robbery
I want to do a home
robbery I want to do a home
robbery there really is no Hotel here
how is there no Hotel
here how is there no Hotel
here I don't get
it is it not on the map in general am I
like missing something
here uhuh there's a hotel
[Music]
there Rob the house to fun the hotel
good
idea good
idea
um I realized I could go back to
Valentine if I want to I might do that
because I could talk to the photo guy I
think go
there the guy in the saloon here unless
he's not
there I mean we'll do what we
do we'll do what we
do I love the New Orleans setting though
like I wish I could spend more time I'm
here right now I'm not this I'm I'm here
probably too early that's the
thing can I get on
this oh was stopping that's awesome come
on I'm well thanks you blessed
H
hola this here coach is the smartest way
to get around
town oh wait no I'm looking for a train
not a
coach is there a train
here uhuh oh yes there is now go
back that's not a train that's a photo
studio uh oh wait we just Ed a post
office actually that counts as the train
it counts as the
train Addie nice to see you nice to see
you get rid of Valentine 10
for
Valentine it was $7 a town
[Music]
over meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow
[Music]
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow
right red cat Redemption
2 hit it Shelly
[Music]
damn
fo why is it whenever I walk off here
there's a person that always yells at me
or my horse
none like every time I step off of this
train station someone yells at me get
out of it what are you doing here you
damn fool I don't [__] know what's
going on over there
oh horse yeah you need
food I don't have food for you do I just
have this right now yeah you're a strong
one
boy
easy get the hell out of here stay away
from
my all right keep your shirt on just
paying my regards that means leave I
don't want to see you around
here everyone's so
mad I'm going leave me alone oh my God
that's fine
hey
mister
evil
y meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow
meow I'm not going back in there they're
watching hasman
Hotel I'm sick of
it good to see you back no it
isn't got a problem friend what is it I
hope I'm
R good oh no not
addict I just need to change my
jacket welcome back I'd like a room
please room's all yours head on up head
on
up morning to
good
morning how do I
where where's the
crier don't look at me like
that you ugly bastard you ugly
bastard stop crying Christ it's not a
big deal
here we go I went I came all this way to
change my
jacket having a normal one
today I have got to know what's up with
the person scool it up over here I'm
going to save the game and break down
the
door the freak Hotel don't say
this come on
wa yes
yes
crowning oh no no no don't go back
in infernal serent it won't let me kick
you want to
fight since you're here might as well
get a bath
sir see you soon
oh
I
[Music]
okay is this
useless El
why am I on the
roof well well well someone stole my
[__]
idea that's your
hand stop doing that it's bad for your
hand what are you moronic go work for
Tesla okay anyway it's useless to be up
here maybe
he [__] hit
that okay I got to find the guy
we making good work of me that's just
the way it is
sorry ma' well I do beg your
pardon come on
dog how's it
going ah not great go I got places to
be well anyway come on these
things I'm
feeling hey there partner morning
friend well there's a face I haven't
seen in some
time what can I get
you give me oatmeal can I get the
oatmeal please
give me the
oatmeal that gives me food well you
finish that
quick oh get so man can't get a goddamn
break in this town no more not a damn
one a fellow I know got kicked to death
by a horse you believe that oh I might
have seen that happen and it was really
funny
so where is the
guy where is the guy where is the
guy thanks Mis
[Music]
I took the photos of the
people of the
Outlaws where's the guy I'm supposed to
report back to
you
yeah just get out of my way
just get out of my
way hey
boy how you doing me when someone gives
me an ounce of attention
I still think it's so funny that I can
still be here after shooting up half the
town hell's the matter with you nothing
you
ass okay where's where's the
[Music]
Trapper meal is complete if it don't got
meat that man did I just start kicking
nobody left to remember your face no
they
remember let me just real
quickly now my window is now open so
everyone can hear me scream when I want
to start robing
someone always remember happy
day peace you you M happy
day it's
fire there's always remember have a and
rember the
name we last how you doing
boy also no one answered me last time
the horses in this game don't die of
natural causes do
they yeah
That's my boy
you're a good boy
yeah you all right there
boy whoa
easy what's this I hope you ain't
looking for gold partner I ain't seen so
much as a Fleck around
here well good luck to
you h
here we go here we
go come on come on Let the Wolves see
the
rabbit well that sure looks like another
pile of [__] Crums
donut let's give it some of the Magic
Touch hey give me some goddamn space
here will
you just curious is all no need to get
[Music]
R something anything I'll take a cigar
but at this
point I can't Pat
it I'm being nice to you so be nice to
me wait a damn second look at this oh
who's got gold who's got gold Wooh I got
some
gold look at this baby
guess you found some after all good for
you friend yeah barely size of a pebble
don't know why I got so excited wait
till Tex sees this oh a look on his face
text
what yeah
okay there
boy hey easy boy you're fine
relax we're in Big
Valley I can't get Ploy out of my head
it's too bad Toby Fox hasn't implemented
it yet it's like what are we even
waiting for at this point forward
F150 you okay
[Music]
boy plinky spotted in Big
Valley easy now
W finally the Golden Gate Bridge once
more
[Music]
there
boy
BO old dod's chain Sally run them down
oh [__]
[Music]
going to watch you die
Morgan you're not walking away I should
think you'd beat the SK part
damn
it what do I got
[Music]
here let's send this jack
up no
the should stay homey
[Music]
let's go
boy you're okay wait my
snake no
okay incredible [__] Graphics dude okay
fell
you're okay
boy easy
there b haven't cross for a while eh
so Buy in or
sell right let's
see
yep okay
hope you make good use of
that quality hide makes the heartiest
clothes around don't doubt
it seen these made up at the WTI
reservation hell of a thing
I really should probably upgrade
equipment at some point I've been
neglecting this very much and yet
goodbye hey
boy safe
travels stop it stop it stop it oh my
God delivered right to your St
okay where am I and where am I
going I am all the way over
here and I need to go all the way over
here or something to that
effect alternatively I could pay my
stupid ass Bounty for this
place maybe that's the way
I need to do it at some point anyway I
think oh no I can just go to rig
station I am the uh the smart
one there boy
hey you're normal
relax you're fine you're fine
relaxx sup
bronut happy to assist you in a moment
you can't turn me in can I be a
service just take care now you robbed
and murder your way across half the
country it's all lies I ain't never been
more than 5 miles from home they
scripted that earlier
make you leave something behind
have yourself a nice trip how about you
have yourself a nice trip Jesus [__]
Christ relax
guy you know what I mean
[Music]
here we
go we're back in San
Jose so nice to be
back I can't wait to watch hockey and
meet with you on the fields of
fortnite GE I sure am happy to be back
in San Jose I feel like there's maybe
zero people who have ever said that
sentence
hi are you following
mey hey friend remember me
yeah that's guy yeah this this here's
the fell the one that found me the
medicine man huh helps with the mystery
box I will owe you my whole life no lie
but yeah uh let let me buy you something
from the store whatever you want it's
all
me okay appreciate it haven't conquered
evil the way I have it's the least a
humble man can
do take us foro yeah well you're hble
what can I do for you the guy with the
snake B say I can put something here on
his tab that fool Jesus if it's not one
thing it's nothing another with him but
he pays his o so who am I to argue let
me know what you choose I'll add it to
his
list
wait can I get an outfit for
free holy [__] we're winning
yo what I can't get the
Gambler I can't get the [__]
Gambler this is awesome and all but like
where are the track suits
Give me the give me this I think oh no
absolutely
not
nope these kind of suck never mind
putting putting these Cates on it makes
me feel like I'm I'm back at disco I'm
trying to dress [__] Harry
[Laughter]
oh I
see stop I forgot about the poop tacket
stop doing this to
me okay that kind of
fire crusty old man dress up game
too where's the bit
so true
I mean the shirt's kind of
fire for being
honest I'll let him know you're paying
next time though
no you
are he should not be wearing
that or that
stop stop
does this game let you go bold I feel
like maybe it
does what the [__] does the Troy look
like
no no
yeah stalker hat is a good
sentence does he
like is there a single hat that he looks
good in except for the one that he
already wears
okay what's with the fruit basket look
well you know
what stop
stop
stop man this one could work if it had
better colors
okay just enough of this just enough of
this
cigarettes cigarettes cigarettes
we might need to what are you doing we
might need to improve that V at some
point I was about to be like that's my
horse that is not my horse that's I
don't know who that
is good evening good evening
sir where is my horse
oh it's not time to go ball time to go
boy more talk about that boy while we
can't hi there folks you back to sop
more trouble evening what did I
do
there good boy
feed my
horse that's
good feed my
horse ratey horse.com
website where you can rate horses on a
scale of 1 to
10 to be
honest
this this horse sounds like it's trying
too
hard and I think this horse is really
pretentious yeah you all right there boy
That's My
Boy Glue by
[Music]
blade I feed my dogs the soda every
single [__] day of my life I feed my
soda the whole horse every day
yeah easy boy heat waming t a bed
[Music]
beard I thought that was in the game
baddy for like 2 seconds I thought that
was in the
game there
[Music]
boy out here
add random pirate noises to the game
please yep okay there
boy easy
[Music]
easy who goes
there just me welcome back Arthur
me bird likes you so I'll do you a favor
hey off hey all good out here I think so
but I don't know I thought I heard
something that's probably
nothing okay stay alert any sign of
trouble we shoot first of
course so you're back yes I'm back I
they wanted to hang
you they wanted to but Arthur did me
right of
course did they ask uh anything about
us no it was just uh locals local
problem fella I Used to
Know Okay well would you please try to
keep away from old people while we're
getting this much attention I understand
boss and I'm sorry for being foolish it
was an old old thing and my emotions got
the better of
me thank you
Dutch hi oh you boys are my fav now I
know what you're
thinking I ain't thinking much drunking
idiot that's what you think I got bigger
problems to worry about have you
arur have you this nice good for you
good for you
but
Karen don't do this to yourself please
got a
choice I'm normal I'm normal I'm normal
I'm
okay you're
welcome how much thanking does one man
need you owe
me okay I'll catch you later then all
right Morgan
hey there Jack you playing law man I do
that sometimes
too that's no good buddy that's no good
I want to I want to swim
okay Hey Arthur what's going on
Jose and John are looking for you they
went out to the Moonshine stash said you
knew where that was they was planning a
visit to the breath we place but John
needs to do something for Dutch now so
Hosea wants you to join him
instead seems to be a lot going on
you're telling me okay thank you
next time we run an errand together
remind me to Peg more bullets come on
Arthur don't pretend that wasn't kind of
fun I
guess here got a hold of a harmonica for
you I look forward to hearing you play
the only audience I ever had was my my
husband and I'm going to keep it that
way fair enough but thank you Arthur
this is real kind of
you you okay
Lenny yeah Le Mo wouldn't be my first
choice but this is a good spot it's just
for now
who's throwing [__]
should have been
on do I have to wear
no more blue
shirt chaps jump scare all right I want
to Rob I want to Rob I want to Rob I
want to
Rob oh
oh I want to
Rob we're
robbing yeah so tell me is your people
uh jacobites are English lovers
are my people were peasants we had no
time for politics my dad would say that
no politics was politics that old w
[__] it ain't got no place here why
because there ain't no judgment here
most folks hate the Negroes they hate
the Redskins the Jews even us Irish you
ain't so free of politics I hate
everyone just the same well in that case
you're going to want what I just found
for us what's that it's was riding
around a couple of days back they come
across this whole cabin couple of
[__] Laing about outside all liquored
up I didn't think nothing of it but then
I come across this Hunter down down by
the river he tells me they're a stickup
crew says they hit a train a couple of
days back near Emerald Ranch nice felly
was shared a botle we did then I robbed
the bastard blind you believed him no
reason not if he's right it'll be a big
hall for us we saw Tre of them maybe
more but I reckon you and me we could
take them real easy all right what the
hell let's go check it out Dam sons of
[__] think they're mean they're about
to get a Ling and
mean Arthur's not racist she's just
mopic good for him all right let's do
this
[Music]
how far is this place it's a bit of a r
not too bad back of North to stretch not
far from the state line all
right so what were you doing riding
around up there
anyway sniffing around looking for the
take I got a long nose for these things
Dutch has always honored us to get out
there and bring in money ain't he and
rightly so I ain't look some of them
others back there sitting around waiting
to be told I go after it I see you
sitting around plenty I mean I don't
know codlin like the rest dut knows my
value to the cause that's from the
moment I met him you tried to kill him
if I remember the story right and he
kept me around didn't he he saw
something in me he said as much I'm sure
dut is good at seeing things in people
and while we're talking about money you
are clear on how this
works we split half other half goes to
the gang Dutch keeps all our savings
hidden in a safe spot outside Camp yeah
yeah I know how many times you have to
tell me what what's that box by his tent
for then Camp funds supplies and the
like in fact you don't know that
suggests you clearly ain't put much in
it but all this pay me way don't you
Wy you're sure you scoped this place out
right yes see that's why I wanted you
along for this you're still a doubter I
ain't just some dumb kid I've lived a
lifetime of [__] already and you sure
don't keep it bottled up inside what
about that train job with the O Wagon
made a good show in there didn't I you
got knocked out Ah that's what you
choose to remember we got paid we got
out of there got knocked out in
Blackwater too didn't you no that was
bloody chaos did you get split off with
Mac no didn't see him we lost your
boyser some point when he was getting
out of town they caught up with ma
couple of days after Davey was finished
by the time we got up the mountains
Jenny didn't even make it that far those
bounty hunters strung me up beat me pull
te BN me feet I didn't breed a word
about nothing I swear good it's time
folks stop giving Dutch a hard time
about all that Blackwater business if
you ask me man's not a fortune tell you
can plan you can use your head you never
really know what you're walking into yep
folks always want to blame someone when
things go
wrong how far is it now not too much for
them better be worth it hey you need
this AR I didn't even know what I'm
seeing no more you and Dutch are
deputies you're out throw and lead with
s Adler all right that'll have to wait
we're nearly there hard left coming up
all right it's going to be off the road
up
ahead oh here
[Music]
Morgan
boy let's see hes here and go to rest on
foot don't want them to hear us
coming here or you deal with them let's
make sure we keep one of them alive to
tell us where they stash the money hope
you know what you're doing
look there's one of them outside this is
good it is leave it to me I'll do the
talking you hang back
hey
there
who I'm going to give you about 5
Seconds to get the hell off my property
boy
look don't want no trouble just how you
might like to know we passed big FY
alarm and headed this way no it does
coming up Beast what
where right here head no par here come
the rest of
them okay
you're the only one left give it up
[Music]
now okay okay I give
up shoot I ain't armed
[Music]
tell us where you sash your money and
we'll let you live all right all right
take it easy behind the the wall in the
bedrooms if you stick your hand between
the Gap all right you go grab the money
I'll keep an eye on Sunshine
[Music]
here you know what just get the hell out
of here and don't look back
so here we
are you got some good
stuff why don't you see what else you
can find
Sean so behind the wall in the
bedroom told you we take them no problem
didn't I you did good let's see what the
pay is first H this up all by myself a
proper lead all right all right you
heard him right he said the stash behind
a loose board in the
bedroom am I not the
sear you find anonia don't
over stay are welcome do
we oh it's just it's revealing it to me
now on a marker it's over there
right this is more like it good work hey
what about M car I found a place didn't
I all right here but don't forget to
give the camp its share supplies don't
appear by Magic you know all right don't
need to lectur again I'll see you back
at
Camp never know what folks got
stashed just got be other places out
there like this
you forgot
this you forgot the
$12 that's the most important thing in
this
place I was about to say
website guys welcome to the Red Dead
Redemption website house this is where
they made it all
I'll take the drink of moonshine please
ehy
[Music]
what the devil are you looking at I
don't know I'm sorry no I'm sorry I'm
ruined ruined how
so it's a disaster he's British of
course who wants to see a woman Wrangle
wild animals who doesn't have any bloody
wild animals come to America they said
come to the land of opportunity they
said s you Daddy I said I'm going to
America to make it on the stage I didn't
want to be in the Army now look at me
the old git will have a field day
I didn't really understand any of that I
had an act the bravest woman in the
world the animal Wrangler watch her tame
wild
beasts and you were the woman of course
I was the bloody woman look at me it's
the stage grease paint tears no one
wants to see a man wrangling wild
animals and no one wants to see a woman
wrangling
nothing can I borrow your gun I want to
shoot myself you see I'm buggered what
my animals they escaped and now I'm I'm
buggered what escaped a Priceless Riki
tiger from the slopes of the Hindu
Heights what a fantastic elusive zebra
from The Plains of Ango Bongo by the
shores of the limpo and a magnificent
lion from the grasslands of Tang geniki
yeah see your problem they're pretty
hard to come by around here listen
friend help a fellow out would you I'm
beyond desperate if you see any of them
will you bring them back here if see a
tiger or a lion or a zebra just roaming
around exactly if well I believe the
zebra up near LED sord distinctive
creature that he is I'll make it worth
your while all right Madam it's bloody
margarate not
Madam wow Arthur is not transphobic
Mistress of [__]
danger he's not transphobic he's not
racist he just hates everyone
he's so real for
this transition have saved her it's in
the process of saving
her you okay boy
[Music]
on
yeah house okay there
a
[Laughter]
don't be shy partner no such thing as a
stranger
here hello mister well you look like you
need to take a load off well this a rare
treat why didn't you tell me we had
guests coming hey what's going on here
myself up now oh now you know you look
perfect
princess I'm scared uh I ain't no guas
Miss I'm just passing through oh
nonsense well come on in rest a while
and we got food on the stove and a
bottle of the good stuff we've been
saving it's decided then I'm going to go
freshen up
I appreciate the offer but I I best be
on my way oh come on now how you going
to turn down a hot meal and good
company I'll go open that
bottle good thing uh shotgun is the
way hey there he is come on in come on
I hope she ain't primping for hours up
there we'll never e go check on her will
you
I'm well just go hurry her up a little
she won't listen to
me go on Partner she won't man
well look who it is you are hungry ain't
you uh I didn't mean to intrude
Miss it's all right looking ain't a
crime you go on and have a seat at the
table I'll be down in a
minute she'll uh be down in just a
minute
woohoo that is what I like to hear hey
now pull up a chair partner
that's it yes s in make yourself at home
what's hey hey Ain this just about
perfect one of them moments you wish
could last forever well like I said I
can't stay for long now look at us like
a couple of old
friends it's a short life but a merry
one here we are all the fixings I hope
you boys left some room in your trousers
M that smells
delicious the food don't smell too bad
neither oh stop it
you how do you like it it's good
different MH that made it so tender you
know what this place used to be a pig
for when we was when we had
kids before we lost our Ma and Paul
horrible business horrible but we still
got each other ain't that right honey
pie and we still know how to have a hog
killing
time here here that's for you
yeah
wait where are my manners drinks yeah I
could definitely use a
drink AR yeah he's he's having the he's
having a realization right
now that stuff will put hair on your
chest oh I doubt he needs that let's
loosen you up some
more uh come on honey I appreciate the
hospitality folks but I best be on my
way no already I thought we was going to
have some fun together not really
[Music]
do I let intrusive thoughts
wind oo
oh calm down partner we're all friends
here sorry whoa
sorry well we what in the
hell hold on hold
on thanks
now don't make my honor go down
now one choco bar four
candies
oh all right
nice I don't really like them very
much we the world if you could just kill
whoever you just didn't
like is there a basement though that is
that is the
question also I lost zero honor for
doing what I just did which is great
they were more than creepy we can just
leave it at that if you'd like
to listen it's called calling the week
that is
nothing well like calling the creeps
true he did not take four shotgun shells
I just missed
like what does all this
mean sick sons of [__]
so was that like
cannibalism did we just do cannibalism
as a
joke so that's why I didn't lose
honor check this [__] out
nice
yes that is people
yo you got an iPhone in this game too
yep it's really
there is there really no basement I
guess that was the basement
scene well another day another
uh yeah calling the freaks nice
feels good
man it's good for the
soul yeah I picked up on that that was
the original reason I killed them
you're a good
boy that was like that was like all I
needed but then but then the cannibalism
part happened I was like
oh it got
worse easy boy seeing seeing seeing
Arthur work that out in real time was
like [__] hilarious
it's like oh man I got to put them
down there boy
yeah yeah you all right there
boy ATV off road
go there we
go how hard can it be to find a
zebra let's got the let's get the Rope
out
I think I found it
who that's a
m look here
no what they don't to you
come small on
pal to up now
come here
hey come on
[Music]
now so Margaret might be the
gaslighter come here
[Music]
oh this is going to be a pain it's like
making my controller vibrate so
much like it's forcing me to experience
the zebrra pain with it I mean the mule
actually it can still be a zebra I don't
[Music]
care wo
come on start being good at something
let's
go uh stop sounding pathetic it makes me
[Music]
sad
yeah she got me all
[Music]
painted she did a good job I'll be
honest
[Music]
this poor
thing stop making me
Chad I'm supposed to be
[Music]
Guiltless come on come on
back
my I'm doing
just keep that up I'll get this donkey
to kick
[Applause]
[Music]
you stop sounding pathetic oh my
God have some self-confidence
[Music]
come on come on come on
come on thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
easy good grief you found him our zebra
well you can call him that although he's
as much a zebra as you are a lady animal
Wrangler oh dear you're missing the
point aren't you it's an illusion a
trick of the eye to bamboozle the senses
confound comprehension Hoodwink your
audience Hoodwink our
audiences dear boy don't be so
dreadfully literal no one will pay for
the truth they only pay for
deception the a lord of the stage dreams
and
reality what is the greater Conjuring
trick
Lassing some poor beast on the plains of
mumbo jumbo land and shipping it here so
it can dance the
pka or turning there in the glare of
those Ark lamps something mundane into
something
extraordinary okay it's the difference
between pros and poetry it's Alchemy
we're selling dreams Dear Boy well as
long as long as you don't pay me with
tickets to your
show uh yes well it's not everyone's cup
of tea and speaking of my payment of
course of course I shall make it worth a
while but um first we shall need the
whole managerie back before we can think
about that my assistant's gone for the
tiger tiger yes yes and taken our
remaining Lion in case it could lend a
paw they're down there on calig away
please I hate to ask all right I'll see
what I can
do why why is Arthur doing
this because I'm making him do
this
idiot
wait I no that's just that's just that's
just photo boy
yep that's my
boy this is the house we just robbed
yeah easy now where did the bodies go I
miss them I want to loot them again
okay hey there
partner you making me uneasy back up
wait up pal I ain't
serious you okay
boy boy
[Music]
easy
there I don't care if you're attack
collector post collector damn senses
taker if you're in this state for the
federal government you're an enemy enemy
of this state stay back you know why
you're here don't you you're an agent of
the government in the free state of Le
Mo please please don't do this
long enemies of Le deserve no
mercy I'm want to deal with
this how you doing boy r
oh wait there's sou there turn back
throw it up where'd they
go is that
him
[Music]
yeah there boy
easy
[Music]
there there here
boy look out
damn
it
help
n there we
go there we go go easy
[Music]
boy need
carrot here you up
boy all right check this [__] out you
ready for
this we're we're going to we're have a
little
goober so no head
oh
[Music]
I thought I failed to light it cuz it
was in the mud
[Music]
oh
wow long time
boy that horse is like
mhm okay there boy
all
right yeah you're a strong one
boy stronger than me I died to
Dynamite jump over the fence now
okay there you go
[Music]
there
boy easy
[Music]
easy easy wo
there we
go that's an alligator
I'm sorry
boy it's okay
boy wait what's wrong
[Music]
what is he scared
of it'll take more than that
for you'll be all right
[Music]
yep easy boy
okay
there you all right boy
[Music]
you okay
boy hey Mister oh miss howdy
Mister did um did you lose a tiger yeah
you found one no I found your Caravan
down the way Margaret said that you
might need a hand oh you weren't wrong
that Tiger's missing I sent our best
lion out to find him
and now he's missing too it is a right
old predicament your liing from timbuk
to weren't he from Valentine I think he
might be more of a kind of dog dog than
a lion in a certain light a fell could
never
tell of course which way'd he go into
them shrubs over there okay why don't
you hop up on the wagon and I'll see if
I can find his track
okay that first that's where I I got it
got the trail these are paw prints let
me bring
the you paint this dog there's some
pigment
here looks
like like blood to
me
[__] what's this
oh
darn I found your
dog X dog X line hey boy oh where's the
rest of them I think a cougar took them
that'd be stripy and I always thought
they got along your tiger is a wild cat
uh-huh what else you still need it back
oh yes sir she's our star attraction
well let's hope it wants the other half
of its
dinner the other half really I'm going
to put him in Your Wagon you find
somewhere to hide
oh well
behind that log then
okay rubs
up stay down she won't be too far
away come quick I went out to find a
tiger cougar you mean and I end up
losing a lion yeah dog ain't having any
luck well if that's what you're dealing
with you didn't have any luck to begin
with cougars and dogs hey it ain't what
you got in this life it's what you make
of it well that's very wise of you
especially when you're lacking zebras
and
tigers he keep your head down it's
coming look I really don't think she'll
eat the dog like I said they was friends
shut it it's like an actual wild cat
they pain it to be another wild cat
[Music]
oh I guess she's real hungry she's feral
I'm locking
[Music]
around sorry girl
all
right let's go we got her okay drive
will you and I'll keep an eye on her
sure thing let's get her back to Mr
Margaret she's still
eating I would have thought since they
was close and all well wild creatures
turn on each other seeming friendly one
minute dinner the next this is this
comes easy it's an analogy I mean I
should know I've run with a few of them
myself is that right no not
really hey U I realize I ain't properly
introduced myself Sally Nash a Morgan
nice to meet you sir tell me Miss Nash
how do you end up in this
R I guess it's always been my
inclination you know wild beasts and the
like I met Mr Margaret we got to talk in
and you can probably tell in this field
he's the Ace of bades he's a card all
right it's my modest hope one day to be
the world's second bravest woman animal
Wrangler I'd say you got that sewn up in
then some you think I hope so top five
top five at least it depends on how many
more Fellers throw their in the ring
maybe one of these days the best female
for the job will actually be a female
Arthur oh I don't know if that'll ever
[Music]
happen yeah
wait I [__]
up your mind clear the path why don't
you clear the
[Music]
path we lost the main road around here
when the dust was up be careful or you
might get wrecked too okay you know the
only thing to do in a dust storm is wait
it out Mr Margaret's a lot of things but
best female Navigator ain't one of them
I imagine you're right about that we was
tearing around here looking for any kind
of landmark when over we go whole
Caravan toppled found each other and
some shelter but when the wind died down
the animals was gone and now they're
back some of them at least thanks to you
a you would have managed it yourself I
just helped you along you ever want to
get in the S Show Business I'm sure
there'd be a place for a fellow like you
I'll lean the professional theatrics to
better women than
me for F1 15 damn it
[Music]
there it is the Caravan couldn't miss
him if you wanted to Mr Margaret Mr
Margaret aha I see you found each other
sure did Mr Margaret jolly good Charly
good you know Tarn and Feathering a
donkey is one thing I big a pardon it's
grease paint makeup but playing dolls
dressed up with a wild animal you're
going to want to be a lot more careful
strappy at King Mr Margaret I saw her do
it I always thought they got along oh
she liked him just fine she licked her
chops and asked for seconds and speaking
of which you got any more word on that
runaway line or you going to pay me for
these
Misfits look I'm well aware that we're
not Royal Command Performance material
daddy you were right godamn you but a
carbon roads is hardly Drury Bloody Lane
you got any word on the lion yes yes
I've got word on the lion [__] is the
word someone saw him near Emerald Ranch
Emerald Ranch as you know we're lately
very short on Miles so I'd be very
grateful all kinds of grateful there's
only one kind of grateful I care
about so long
Mister be a dare and fix me a gin
why why Emerald ran why Emerald Rich
it's so
[Music]
far oh it's not wait why did I think it
was
far okay it's not
far I'll stop complaining
I'll find something else to complain
about
later in Arthur's defense I don't think
Margaret actually identifies as a woman
so for 150 in Celebration
you're a good
boy [__]
[Music]
squirrel hey
there get out of my face all right easy
now yeah you all right there boy
show up
now you okay boy
that's Virginia AOS aasum is a
marsupial oh my God come on time to go
boy just do I was about to compliment
Red Dead Redemption for its accuracy and
ecology and all these things and aosom
and marup you [__] duns I'm just fine
without your company and that don't need
to change hey
Mis try that again tough guy hello
Jesus hey F hold up hell
no you godamn
fool yeah
[Music]
I was only Ming
partner just exactly how dumb are
[Music]
you
easy now just a
scratch
[Music]
all thank you
it's fine they look
rich they had a platinum pocket watch
they were most certainly
Rich
awesome there boy
hey
partner get lost
there all
right also they shot
first I was only trying to rob
them holy C we got him
here I should go and get my repeater
[Music]
hold your side I am holding it hold
yours all there good
try did you see its teeth I saw it's
claws that's enough for me we got a
cursed creature in here oh yeah it's as
big as a mule and as mean as a Hellcat
it look like a ling to me that's a dog
in there a dog no now you excuse
me step
aside what I said step
aside Yeah
Boy didn't look like no dog
come here boy let's go
[Music]
home look what you done
look what you done son of a
[__] I I'll take care of
this what the
[__] let go boy
[Music]
oh God help me
oh sweet mother
oh easy boy that's a real lion [__]
[Music]
inform Margaret of the Lion's
fate woo he got it he shot the thing is
he dead I pray that thing a
goner that's it whoever own that Beast
got some answering to do
yep can be used in crafting so I can't
sell
it maybe I
can they just left that body there by
the
way what if we could have talked to the
lion
why would you want to sell it because
money I have like this dude's hand in my
pocket I don't need
it that's my
[Music]
boy or F1 50 okay how you doing
boy easy
there I love that the pums actually play
[Music]
dead it's very very
cool but they're marsupial not rodents
forward F150 Ford F150 Ford F150 for
F150 450 no I will have it this time no
you
[__] come on sh boy come
on I will have you oh my goodness
gracious easy now you'll take more than
that boy
you're a good boy
[Music]
yeah I actually lost to a
rabbit the rabbit is better at playing
Red Dead Redemption than I am I [__]
suck at this game you okay boy and this
game practically plays
itself and I still lost to the r
it [__] do not make good
pets it's also not legal in most States
[Music]
Odus returns Sally get the cages ready
yes sir Mr market right
away man eaten Lon you didn't think that
it might be useful for me to know that
this time the animal was actually real
you [__] I clearly stated that we were
looking you haven't clearly stated
anything in all the time I've known you
that could have been a goose for all out
a goose we hardly get them to their feet
for the curtain call bring on the king
of the beasts on the other hand and they
feel the Roar and they well look about
as surprised as you do what have you
done with him if you don't mind me
asking I killed him he's dead bloody
hell this is Romo boy it was him or me
now pay me yes of course of course I
have just the thing and what a treasure
it
is you're a lucky man sir very lucky
man from the minds of Eldorado as green
as the rainforest as clear as the Amazon
and as dear as all the gold in the
Andes one man's labor is but a trifle
compared to this Jewel's True Value wait
I shouldn't what would daddy say your
daddy ain't here and we had a deal yes
yes of course A promise is a promise
fake it's fake it's fake Sally get the
wagons moving waiting for the lion he's
in the great hunting ground in the sky
good day sir and thank F but we really
must be getting along it's fake yeah I
won't keep you so
long so long Mr Morgan next time you see
me I'll be toing the bill I
promise or at least I'll be on the bill
a large Emerald wait is it
real well we'll see about
that
boyy
boy what is this
fishing wait is there a hotel on
roads
no okay
let me go here I haven't been here
yet it keeps beckoning me to the Fisher
fisherman easy boy easy
boy
yeah a radish is a tomato and when you
have none left you feel horrible you
feel like the devil lives in your
laundry room
it's been many years and new radishes
have crawled into my garage but the hurt
that comes from H having zero that first
time stays with you forever I don't know
what the future will bring but no matter
what happens a radish is a type of red
ball that lives in
[Music]
mud it's a type of scarlet meatball that
lives in mud it tastes like salad it
tastes like meatballs it's the world's
only vegetable and at the at the end of
the day isn't that all that
matters
easy you all right boy
[Music]
That's my
boy loow up
[Music]
interesting I've never had the
opportunity to do that before
[Music]
I feel like I've been to spots like this
but I couldn't find the opportunity to
do that illustration
[Music]
that would
help you keep angry darling I like them
Ang
[Applause]
take me off this
horse
what please unti
me Christ
oh I Arthur why did you do that Arthur I
pressed Circle to untie and he kicked
them okay that wasn't fair that wasn't
actually not
fair it said press Circle to untie so I
did it made me kick them that wasn't
fair you're already [__] kidding me
that was so unfair stop
it that was so
unfair what was the last
autosave
159 sure
[Music]
why did it make me do that that sucks
where are we we still here okay we're
still here I [__] sucked
is that even an option
what
[Applause]
he
should I
guys for
[Music]
he
more cigarettes card
[Music]
is
hey there mister
hey hey
hey better not have a problem with this
friend it's all good calm down you don't
want to see what happens if you don't
leave don't mind me I'm leaving what a
joke you're about to get shot to pieces
you know no home
train shame I could have shot you to a
pole
y I think you should mind your
own sure
oh we were going here that's right I
forgot okay there
boy as long as I can start a fire I'll
never
go I don't doubt you
they're not at all worried about the
corpses I get
[Music]
it there we go
boy I give you
carrot there you go there's your
carrot there boy
[Music]
he
[Laughter]
[Music]
hello bro hello bro
morning D
morning good morning ma'am
morning so fishing
know we can do some epic fishing here
[Music]
hey hey hey hey hey hey fight
me hello I don't think I know you
welcome I have a fresh supply of
crawfish bait you won't find better
nowhere what is so
interesting goodbye
[Music]
use it
well okay bye don't catch fish without
my fine product nope
fishing never stops
now you know where I am when change your
mind H G don't be shy I don't fight
okay
oh look set
yes you're
okay what are you
pick you can
go you can
go equi
crayfish I did catch a pickle
anything Bing I wonder
[Music]
sh
[Applause]
H Got
You Who ah blue gill
nice that's my dog
welcome
welcome I I was
fishing bu thanks for your
assistance don't fight
me imagine punching the
goat I can I can imagine anything
okay we did a fish
Che if you beat the goat you'll be the
goat the goatest of all
time come on horse yet
like the dogs in this game activ want to
get run over they just run in front of
me each
time yeah you all right there boy
easy
easy yep or through the
thing out there Mister out of
there Arthur's howdy is the official
Vibe
check I got a howdy
back or else you kill
them Jo them on a romantic boat ride is
that
possible I don't want to make it seem
like I'm robbing them or
something okay
there good morning hey mister
[Music]
you okay
boy did you just jump over guess the log
yeah hey how you doing boy
you're fine you're a good
boy easy
whoa I don't share this camp with no one
else scram okay oh don't mind
me see you forgot yourself a minute
there
yeah I never forget myself I know who I
am and I know where everything
is a skill
issue yeah let skill this sh unfortunate
come on now boy
[Music]
all right you're
shooting there it
is hey there partner you interested in a
little friendly
competition you a shooting man
I've been looking for a challenge and I
ain't found one yet what' you say huh
why don't we find out
good whoever shoots the most bottles
wins
okay all right all right stand alongside
me soon as you pull your weapon and aim
we let fly okay go
oh
yes maybe you were just
outgunned I ain't happy with that not
one
bit what do you say we raise the stakes
a
little you're on well that's what I like
to
hear how about this you shoot four Birds
out of the sky before me we'll call
it the day all right rules are simple
we're doing first to four you can count
to four I
hope stand close as soon as you see him
start
shooting wait for it there they go now
shoot
what you got a damn good shot mister
here you go as
promised thank
you thanks
friend careful now next time I may not
hold
back so that's a repeat from the other
guy hey boy
yeah boy
[Applause]
oh the gour oh the
gour around here we call those cows
where I'm from we call them the
gourd
yeah they are indeed the
[Music]
gour okay there
boy a hive m
easy mister
they waved at me they didn't say
anything I need full sensory cues my
friend forward F-150 is it
possible is it possible
[Music]
yes thank
God there
boy 4 F150 number
[Music]
two oh those things are the rabbits are
a [__] I'll tell you
that f
F okay sorry my horse is getting mad at
me for doing this
activity
[Music]
[Applause]
up That's my boy
who's
there it's me Arthur you can tell me
later tell you play it
[Music]
later hey
all of
you all of you get to work he is the man
who saved my hide not once but
twice what you want M nothing just
saying thank you
brother I can't call you brother can't I
I think I like you even less when you're
friendly you're the first person ever
told me
that D behind him we still
need
money of
money where is the camp supplies
thing or rather where's Dutch's
tent it's on the other side of this Pres
yeah the emerald is worth $50 oh I
forgot about the gold ingot
why does donating make Christmas
[Music]
submerge all your devices in
applesauce
oh The Ledger that makes you
reset hello
how are you
doing how are you do
folks seem happy Mr Morgan we have been
provided for that we have Reverend have
a fine time
sir wait he's like slightly intelligible
today my lady I don't think this law
disguise is fooling anyone honest fell
to drink being a bad dishonest fell it's
going to send me to drink twice as
fast I just can't cope
really I can't you're ridiculous you
sound like a child I am a child a child
of God and and God gave me the ability
not to
read you gave me your word I said I try
so you told Jose about the Moonshine for
me yes he's got some plan cooking I'm
not giving up on you good please kids
give up on me hello or how are you
D good as
always where's my
soup oh right the soup is over
here I mean
stew not soup
stew the litterer
all right let's go do the
thing all right see you oh wait I forgot
I have sponsored by how can I be such a
[__]
War beautiful
Takis I presume yes yes
yes oh wait
Boy Hey Arthur unle can I have a quick
word hey
Jack yes Miss o ah call me Molly would
you Arthur how is Dutch I mean how does
he seem to you I'm about the same as
usual I guess I I really love him you
know but if
he like he always says loyalty is
everything so Arthur Excuse Me Miss OA
what you want I bring a gift the great
gift of information so you got some tip
off so now I can risk my neck and make
you some money while you lounge around
you know Arthur bitterness it it works
on the inside as well as on your sour
face if you say so you could go find
some other fool to run your errands Bill
come on over here
surprise God [__] damn it you too
Charles what are you talking Arthur's
above a little stickup I heard about no
I'm not you just said I'll do it as long
as you ride with us I got a serious
medical condition yes you are a
compulsive liar no need to be like that
Charles have I ever lied to you I hardly
know you exactly now you boy should do
this it's easy and I'll only take a
small commission for my information but
it's now or never then it's never oh God
help
me fine I'll do it well what is it it's
a supply wagon carrying payroll but very
briefly unguarded apparently as it
passes through a Crossroads near here
where there's an old ruined Church
before it connects with the rest of the
Wagon Train very easy picking as long as
we get paid or you get shot I'm happy
you are a sick man Arthur Morgan a very
sick man indeed
this way bunch of smart
Alex how you get wind this
old this shit's going to kill
me man we only been down here all in 5
minutes wow you boys been all fishing or
playing law man or whatever holy [__]
that like hits crazier with Takis at the
same
time has anyone had whiskey and Takis at
the same time
before that's
crazy holy [__] it makes it so like
aromatic that's that's that's an
experience
holy [__] that's an
experience that's why you do a drink uh
I'm off my Med so I am for a little
bit
damn drink idea is just crush crush Tak
into a fine
powder the hell you been doing I've been
getting down to business that that's
that's that's crazy nearest Gro house
hey you don't want in on this Williamson
that's fine by me me do us all a favor
head home just give it a rest you two
just have a little faith for once will
you I've been scoping jobs like this
since you fellas were KNE High to a
grasshopper once a decade maybe so what
is it you scoped here exactly well I
told you there's a wagon with the lock
box passes through every week be swi out
Riders just north of here but the front
wagon by itself for a stretch before the
last run down into the roads
okay hold up here we should cover our
faces they'll be passing through the
crossroads up ahead when
soon Williamson Christ
sakes I should be due anytime now let's
keep this quiet and clean nobody needs
to die here be you see Gentlemen Just
Like Clockwork
stop the
wagon I said stop the damn wagon
whoa now don't try anything stupid and
we won't do anything unkind you know
boys I I don't I don't want to get shot
but this is a mistake I work for
Cornwall Caris seen and tar Mr Leviticus
Cornwall oh great so you know
him it doesn't I hear he's Rich enough
to share the wealth around and not miss
it too much oh he'll miss it okay one of
you check out around the
back Arthur help me out here
let's see what's inside yeah
Cornwall okay we're looking good must be
nearly a thousand
here [__] hey think I see something oh
great let's go Arthur let's
[Music]
go get holy [__]
hold it right there drop your godamn
weapon right now that's a lot of them
you ain't getting away with this L of
Shu boys get rid of these sons of
[__] shoot those F you not going up
most guarded Wagon in goddamn history
how I know come on we need to lose them
you're getting away but I have dead ey I
could wipe them out wait I need to smoke
tobacco really quickly can you guys let
me do
that r fell go slow down sons of
[__] R boys come on do not let them
get
away where the hell are we going getting
out of here what kind of dumb questiones
get keep going we're losing
them get back
here easy now [__] come on Arthur
yeah you can move fast when you have to
can't you just shut up
Williamson hey will come on yeah
everyone stay
tight W son the
[__] quick get off the trail into the
woods let's take him and get back to
Camp no we need to find a place to lie
low we can't risk leaving cornwall's men
to Camp all
right
whoa let's hide in here
quick
whoow come on get out of
here get out of here go on I see you lat
all right let's get out of s I'll say
yeah I'm doing a
all list
one I have the I have the Tennessee
apple as well
but I was I was tired of the fruity stay
until dark and then we'll sneak out of
here Charles you keep watching now sure
well we uh get some rest
all
right let's try and get out of here hey
[__] absolutely shut up old man look I
was just trying to shut up there's a
light over by the house
damn all he let's just keep this
G see what
happens got
is this your place kind of and you
didn't hear
nothing I why don't you just tell me
Parker what you
heard tell me what you heard I
don't maybe I heard some noises out by
the barn a while
ago ain't me better not
be all right CP forth low go check out
the the bar
sir the place looks deserted enough
sure you head inside I'll go around the
back place looks empty to me the old guy
up there is full of crap I don't think
they're here don't see any horses come
on let's head
back B place is empty
[__] oh come on we were doing so
well give him hell
boys die
here behind you Charles more on the
right here just winged up watch it
Charles we got more of the bastards on
this
side quick
[__] I'll get the repeater out
where are they going kill you you
bastard where are they all coming from
should have got the sniper cor Wall's
gone enough to
security you don't know what you got
yourself nicely done bill they teach you
that move in the Army too can't you keep
your back feet still for 10 godamn
seconds you got to kind of hard to see
where they are they're standing in front
of the thing this ain't
good come
on how about we stop robbing Cornwall
for a while I didn't know we will Corall
all right
who
Bill another one hold them back do not
let him close in on us this fell really
don't like getting ra let's just hope we
don't run out of
bullets what why they aim
there don't worry fell we ain't gone
no godamn way why you
got your fire planing for a
uncle I'm going to kill you so good
everyone's still breathing I am you
would
be they're coming in from the front
[__]
fire ain't done
[Music]
yet eat the beans godamn it easy pick un
easy pi
I did the research all right yes well
done with that I'm sorry we ever
doubting you wait
the we don't get out of here soon we're
charcoal ain't going to miss your
ass come on Old Man
come on
Arthur let's head do the
work into the trees come
[Music]
on where are we going Bill we'll try to
lose him in the woods
[Music]
it's always un split up a bit try to
confuse them Arthur with
me and DP Williamson you're on your own
oh shut the hell
up quick Behind these rocks
they're coming this way yeah
perfect need to do this quietly you take
the left and I'll take the ride okay
you're ride or my
right you see anything not yet
that sucks really those boys ain't as
quiet as us we weren't quiet
hand H you see you in
h you're going to shoot her
one I like ter
that was
[Music]
a is that all you
got I ain't going to
miss come on finish it
[Music]
we all still alive yeah just about yeah
I'll deal with you later we got some
money didn't we sure but now we got cor
on our back it was an honest leave it go
on get out of here every man split up go
on run quick good luck John stay quiet
and move
come on horse
yet okay
[Music]
fell y yeah you all right there boy
okay there
boy who would roll the worst joint
probably Sean I'm not going to
lie that guy's a Cracker Jack fail
girl there boy
how you doing
[Applause]
boy hey there
fella
no wa
he
[Music]
there we
go Hey Arthur what are you
doing selling it back to where it came
from why I ain't got a market for it
they made it they must have someone to
sell it
to stuff look kind of lonely out here I
think we'll cut ourselves a deal I get
you you and Dutch was just doing your
duty when you requisitioned it now I'm
doing mine all right I should get going
now I'll leave you fell to it good luck
thank you John we'll see you later Dutch
asked him to look into something to do
with the braith weight horses I think
sure okay okay let's head out to the
braith weights place you know the way
yeah I've been there so what exactly are
we doing this is the Moonshine we took
after blowing up the braith weight still
right I think the good citizens taken
the trouble to return their stolen goods
deserve some reward don't you and it's
time we made a formal introduction like
Dutch told straight up shaing at look
these are two big old plantation houses
all I keep hearing is they hate each
other so much they can't see past it I
know I've seen it there's a grve boy and
a braith weight girl carrying on a
secret affair I've been well helping
them the mind
boggles you think they're of use not
sure they don't seem too involved in the
rest of it but maybe well I'm sure
there's money in this for us somewhere
if we can get in the middle of it
[Music]
big ass trees
here we are modest little Homestead
isn't
it hello gentlemen how are you what's
that in the back there moonshine my fine
fellow may I have a word with the man of
the house the man of the house is a lady
Mrs Catherine braithway may I speak with
her I want to discuss a business
opportunity
I mean no harm no harm at all you may
happily shoot me if I do okay okay she's
at the
house we'll be watching you you heard
the man driver proceed please
what you want found something out in the
Hills thought thought maybe you was in
the market for it for what some liquor I
ain't in the market for what's already
mine way we see it it's ours well with
us possessing it and I I checked all
over for the life of me I couldn't see
your name on it
oh relax I ain't here to rob you oh it
seems that's easy enough why I do a deal
where do you sell that stuff for dollar
a bottle you give us 50 cents it's
already ours well look on it there's a
reward for finding the property
alternative is we go sell it someplace
else the alternative is you get shocked
now who wants to get shot over a bottle
or two of
liquor Pay The Man
man pleas you're doing business with you
and listen uh we didn't take it at least
not without orders I I know exactly who
gave you your orders old Sheriff gray
you know what I don't want it in fact
sir now you can do me a favor there's an
extra 10 bucks if you do Drive the stuff
into roads head over to the tavern run
by Mr Mr Gray and give the stuff out for
free Mama hush now I believe they call
that a promotional
expense As You Wish Madam you boys come
back sometime and tell me how you made
out maybe we'll play a little
crage all right next stop the road
Saloon well damn here we go where's my
money
so I finally sold those Cornwall bonds
got close to a th000 for them I wanted
more but not bad considering how hot
they were especially after that blood
bath in Valentine no not bad at all
apparently cornwall's been pumping a lot
of cash into the pinkertons wants to
keep their full effort on going after
gangs gangs like us yeah that don't
surprise
me all right
this could get ugly you and Dutch
already have that thing going on in town
with the sheriff yeah Mr Gray that's it
now we're inserting ourselves in his
blood
Feud we'll need something I ain't
playing dress
up you know how I feel about that of
course you're not
you're you're a
clown's idiot brother hose please I'm
the clown you're the
idiot just look sad and keep quiet even
you can do that Arthur oh I have
to put this head
off smoke this
pipe bring your lip forward just a bit
squint oh perfect what about you sh
you can't speak You're turned
idiot right broke poor m is hot there
there F there there don't get mad
now get off the road you slow
[__] I will road rage in Red Dead
Redemption
[Music]
I don't even
drive the bottles rattling freaks me
[Music]
out ladies name a sound that's better
than this
[Music]
a okay Fon stay calm now for mama she
loved you
so just a shame you had to strangle her
in a rage right grab two cases of that
stuff and follow
me
gentlemen gentlemen quite the town you
have here we just roll in from up North
hey
hello hello I'm
Melvin this my brother fanton don't mind
him don't Madden him he's turned idiot
killed our mother but it weren't his
fault how'd you boys how'd you boys like
a couple of books I bet you would one
for each of you we're in the new trade
of advertising which is an American art
form about ensuring people by the
correct things I don't know one more
dollar says give us half an hour what
harm can we do in half an hour go along
now enjoy the
money come along
fanton let's hand out the
[Music]
liquor gentlemen
gentlemen my name is Mel that's my
brother Fenton he's a bit funny but boy
can he pour drinks fast for next 30
minutes the drinks in this year bar in
this year town are entirely
free the Only Rule is that you got to
drink them so hurry up put old P to work
don't get him mad though his mama made
him mad and we buried her whole
thing now come up to the bar everybody
come on PA is it's your
lucky drinks a GI
Bounty it's a sin to look a GI when I
see a gift I my that's some strong
stuff catch us all so drink
them don't be shy boys Mr cray won't be
happy about this another bottle Fon
these men are dry besides made of
opportunity now it's your opportunity to
get hideously fine man fine man got
brother over
here finally moonshine gameplay we've
been waiting for
[Music]
this hey send a couple this way will you
drink up drink up F serve these nets
serve these men you murderous
[__] I'll have one F how rich are
you hit the spot keep them coming F just
keep them
[Music]
coming drink up
drink Mo Raiders good evening gentlemen
quiet liation you me you're the bastards
who stole the liquor we was going to buy
gentlemen we're in advertising come on
in and have it PR that's our goddamn
liqu an honest mistake boys get
him I want both those sons of
[Music]
[__] good job
AR feel you
[Music]
honest I'm stay hey you loves are
playing the wrong
game do something
I shoot this
bastard thank you
from us you're dead
man I the
help I'm
[Music]
trying Hey Hey this
way you should have cooperated
let's
go come on
pton stop that
wagon I'm getting this out of here ain't
going to let this go are they over there
they got out the back
[Music]
you ter
bastards hi this Arthur coming out of
the
alley [__] that hit the
L that's him down with
[Applause]
in front of you
[Music]
a turn around more behind
you need
it
you there's more to your r
that's our move damn
[Music]
bastards ahead of
you going to be your be we run the
around here stay the hell out of our
ah he's
[Music]
down you see any more of them don't
think so
Jesus all this over a few bottles of
booze I reckon it's more they don't want
another gang on their
patch all right we're good yeah remind
me never to take up a career what was it
advertising yeah you think that woman
set us up no I don't think
so maybe this place is odd I keep seeing
those fellas some local militia clearly
not too happy to have some new
competition I'll go visit all my
braithway see what's what what we've
been making money the chest is filling
up again slowly but surely part of me
thinks we just get ourselves good and
lost but we still need a lot more money
before that can happen so for now let me
go give old Mrs braith weight some of
this moonshine as well let's call it a
peace offering sure
that was fun Fenton we'll make an actor
of you
yet I'll go speak to
Dutch well
damn so what do you think about what
find folks around these parts oh real
nice exactly on the one side we have got
the gray family Scots degenerates
drunkers the local law you couldn't make
this stuff up rich is CIS and on the
other their mortal enemies the braith
weights Moonshiners hypocritical both
rolling we believe in gold and in the
middle of it all you got some inbred
retailing of Romeo and Juliet
exactly so what you boys
thinking we try to Rob them
both you sure
why not because we got lawmen in three
different states after us last thing I
want is to get us into trouble but we
need money now we have the opportunity
here to put ourselves in the middle of
something ain't nobody going to know we
was here because even without us these
fools are going to kill each other
anyway okay well hosea's gone back to
see that braithway woman good Hosea
should definitely take the lead on this
I sent Shawn over to braith weight Manor
too now you can meet up with them or
join John and Javier at the gra Place
something to do with the braith weights
prize horses how the hell did we getting
in at the Gray's Place Sheriff gray
kindly put in a word with his father it
ain't that complicated we got to
convince each family that we're on their
side and then we rob them both before
they figure out it was us that done it
and not the other lot we'll be long gone
think of it as payback for my daddy
payback I ain't in the Revenge business
Dutch least of all for something
happened a long time ago well I guess we
all got to pay for something now if you
will excuse me Arthur I got to write a
letter
well well
now so that was gaming
stop
it there's
Lenny there's
John there's Hosea
I'm
Arthur I think you need to sleep for
once
he can sleep for once
[Music]
you keep your eyes open
Bill good morning
Arthur why on you sit a
while good job finding this spot you
found it too I wouldn't have if you
hadn't talk me into
it good
morning
oh found this you said you lost yours oh
it's beautiful thank you here please
take this it's the least I can
do what I
get health care thanks
here I hadn't forgotten about that story
book you lost hey thanks so much Uncle
Arthur do you want to have this I found
it near Camp sure thanks
Jack all right what is it chocolate
bar well morning
arur yo hey Pearson
big big
horse big
horse okay where we going I'm going
to wait where is my horse
where's my
[Music]
horse
okay that works too
uh yeah yeah
okay he was like completely off the
map y
a
[Music]
[Applause]
he
singing Arthur is doing a little singing
today it's all the shooting
go hurry up all get out here P the C
comes wagons loaded move
out not my
problem y
[Music]
how there
mister you okay boy forward forward
forward Ford built where the [__] did it
go built Ford tough you little
[__] there It Go That's My
Boy nice
easy easy
great job that was
great there's activity nearby
let's go boy
do you think I could Rob someone with a
bow yeah
[Music]
okay there
boy come on
[Music]
there
boy sorry why does the mission say horse
flesh for dinner
can I help you there sure they supposed
to be my business partners here they
arranged a meeting I believe about some
horses a fellow with a scar and a
Mexican yes
sir out by The
Stables thank you have a wonderful day
now
cuz they need the SLO
guy you're a good
boy
sluga good like you you don't know
me you turn up in this town and you're
helping
everybody and everywhere there's
troubles who are
you and have you met my partner Arthur
Morgan no I met your son the sheriff
okay Mr Gray here was saying how he had
problems with a family a family of
degenerates oh well nobody likes
degenerates are inbred Sons they ruined
this County they killed my uncle you
know that ain't right problem is we
can't be seen to get too
close
and we've got gold
Yankee we've got gold I ain't no Yankee
friend I ain't nothing my daddy came
over on the boat from Scotland I'm
scottage and the braith
weights goddamn
peasants I don't know
mongr slave
[__] all you got to do is look at
them how much gold enough these are
prized horses I'm talking about them
they'll get
you
5,000 5,000 for horses easy where do we
sell them these $5,000 horses over in
Clemens Cove fell over there will run
them out of state and give you 50 cents
on the dollar Mister you got yourself a
deal just keep us away from this
publicly I mean my sense is we keep all
horse wrestling away from the
public $5,000 horses yeah buddy The
Stables on the south side of the Mana
that's where they keep the Thor GD
[Music]
how much is 5,000 in in
2025 passing you crazy old fool you
should see the braith weight woman josea
and Shawn were planning on going over to
the braith weights you haven't seen them
no not yet yeah if they're there already
they better keep their heads down you
don't need this to be any more
complicated than it already is $5,000
for
horses we've been robbing the wrong folk
all these years yeah he doesn't know
what he's talking about but if we get
even a third of that it'll be worth
it so how are we going to play this play
is well guarded so there ain't no point
in blasting in there we'll make them
think we're there looking to purchase
three armed men you'd be armed if you
were about to spend 5,000 on
horses we should go in the back way
though avoid too many questions
yeah careful there's a guard I'll speak
to him okay all right right d can I help
you gentlemen yeah we're here to see
about some horses horses yeah we had a
an appointment with Mr braithway I
believe yeah I never heard about any of
this our partner wanted to make a
significant investment in some Stables
down
here but perhaps we should look
elsewhere well
I okay then but head on up to the
Stables
someone will come see you God damn
it dude you walked in front of
me
W yeah
[Music]
that's it nice and easy no need to rush
don't want to draw any unnecessary
[Music]
attention w
all right I think that's the Stables
just up ahead heads down play cool head
around the front hitch you up
there all right let's hit up
here good work pal let me do the
talking hello there can I help you boys
I hope so heard you got some horses we
always got horses fine horses I mean I
don't get you friend yeah you do come on
listen why don't you get out out of here
you Scarface and your Greaser buddy who
I don't like officials we ain't
officials we're connoisseurs looking to
do some breedings come on now
partner okay fine follow
me these here's mainly the studs
available for purchase or for working
that's what you're interested in what is
your boys interested in we represent a
famous uh stable in stud farm from
Saratoga is that so unofficially of
course
this here's
Cerberus here you go
boy it's a real reliable
stud uh-huh Greaser huh okay bandanas
on don't need nobody recognizing this
all right I'll grab the white one in the
middle you get the other two
relax boy come on good
boy easy now easy there Maron you're
going to tether him up to Javier's horse
Okay OB here you're going to lead the
stallions
whoa Chey boy
it
easy whoa boy easy now easy you're
[Music]
okay Maron you right point I'll cover up
the back if there's any problems regroup
at Clemens Cove
okay what are you doing let's go
quick get going you two I what the hell
you doing stop stop we're being robbed I
said stop these men
stop out of my damn way put a bullet in
that more coming this way out of the
fields
[Music]
C
down watch out by
that get
more they're sending out Riders oh I'll
hold them out it f your way out we'll
have to go through the
[Music]
fields look there the fence is down come
on
let's try to lose them in the
[Music]
trees it's
okay I think we're
[Music]
clear yeah
now look out there's more of them on the
road them
horses all
right you're okay boy you see any more
of them no don't think so all right
let's get these horses to clemens's Cove
quick before we run into any more
trouble yeah the soundtrack is great
[Music]
whoa you okay there
boy [__] one of the stallion is loose
keep going I'll get
[Music]
him there you go come on now
come
[Music]
on come
here
yeah easy
[Music]
what if we last out
horses over here whoa you got him well
done lemon's Cove is just over there
come on let's get this over
with well that could have gone smoother
that'll be on my gravestone hey
now you think they look like they're
paying 5,000 for horses I guess we'll
see come
here what you boy boys want heard you
was
um heard you pay good prices for horses
oh we'll buy more less anything pop that
so sure pop I'm Kay Davies that's my
brother Clyde we're
twins John Arthur
Javier so what are you Cuban no I don't
like
Cubans that's so maybe why what do you
care you ain't Cuban maybe I like
Cubans you're funny he's funny ain't he
funny Clive Clive don't talk we're twins
but I was born first he came out all
yellow and black but he's
okay sure yeah I know these horses they
ain't yours but I like you and I'll give
you I can give you 6 50
for I was told we could get up to
$5,000 for them and I was told the moon
was made a ladi's tears only it ain't
true not one little bit but I like you
boys but I ain't got more than 700 on
but you want it or you want to ride them
fellas into town and maybe someone there
will hang you we're going to need more
than that I ain't got no more money pop
here take it or leave it uh-huh all
right you godam damn fool Mar ain't no
one around here got
$5,000 boys but nice meeting you see you
boys again I hope come on yeah close the
gate
Club
well who would have known probably
everyone believed a yarn spun Us by one
of that gray family and imagined we was
going to be Wonder y
Rich at the end of it we feel like prize
[Music]
idiots we can sell horses to them I
suppose oh hey Arthur what you want M
nothing I'm just being civil my brother
well hello then you really are a very
Charming Man aren't
you
okay Arthur
Arthur what now you sweating yet Dutch
of course I'm sweating we're in some
disease ridden swampy Dixie [__] hole I
meant about what trone said about these
Bounty HS not sweating as such but maybe
a little gentle
perspiration until we know more ain't
too much harm in wasting good liquor on
sweating so so I think you should pay Mr
trani a visit and find out exactly what
he knows and who he spoke to take
Charles with you oh the side of the Peru
would make a statue you sing out its
Secrets
okay
okay hey get
up what is it
Charles I need you for some business in
town come on
okay just go away
I just felt like annoying him long time
boy
[Music]
where are we going dutch wants us to
have a talk with Chone about these
bounty hunters who are coming for us
hoping he can tell us who they are or
where they're coming from okay and your
deputies
now something like
that soon as we laid eyes on that fool
of a sheriff who runs that town I knew
Dutch was going to play him like a
fiddle on the run from one bunch of Law
Men working for
another interesting hiding in plain
sight Dutch calls
it so Spirits seem good in the new camp
I mean we got some space between us and
that mess now ain't seen no more
Pinkerton for a while there's these
bounty hunters of course Dutch don't
seem too worried about it can't believe
they're still coming after us we we
didn't even get away with the money yeah
but they don't know that of
course
trani I've only met him a couple times
but he's he's a strange
one fear not he's just a cockroach in
fancy Brides but he gets into nooks and
crannies the rest of us can we just need
to find him before he scurries off again
I think it's just up
here slow it
down W
that someone got here first
so it seems by the looks of things it
wasn't a social
call check the
house found
anything bed's not made so he must have
been here recently
[Music]
big struggle pretty recently I'd say I
guess maybe uh 12 hours ago but nobody
not yet there's some blood here that
ain't
good we should get going come home pal
they went down the path
here how's your tracking these days all
right I
guess well lead the way then not the
kind of place I'd expect to seek Shone
staying in no normally scams himself
into the best hotel in town you know
when me and Javier went down with trani
to get Shawn after the bar fight I swear
he talked the whole way and never
actually said a damn thing I thought you
knew that's his special talent [__] they
could be 20 miles away by now we can
track them that far if we need to
depends on how much you want to find
them yeah I still ain't sure about that
huh they seem to head into the forest
now hey look let's go see what those
fellas have to say
excuse
me yeah have you
seen we're uh we're looking for our
friend I don't think he's
here ah you seen a strange sort of fell
sort of
formal
strange sure
formal nah
he uses a cane looks a lot like this one
yeah all right you
two where the hell is he we both better
get out of here come
here you stay there
where is troni I don't know
anything tell me where he is you go to
hell you better tell me now you son of a
[__] okay okay for Christ's sake they
took him to a cabin over by the corn
fields which cornfields left down the
path there by braithway Manor
let me see you again you hear
me you got lucky there my
friend give me the
money
$25 hey Y come on let's
go also Charles's voice sounds very
familiar have to go through the braith
weights place yes I've spent enough time
there after you
then you okay I'm good what do you think
they want with trani could be any one of
aund things just depends if any of them
involve us you think he'll talk of
course he'll talk he'd sell his own
sister to save a train Fair he don't
know how not to talk
he don't know where we hold up though at
least I don't think he does I don't know
why Dutch still deals with him always
he's disappearing for weeks on end he's
got his uses and well loyalty matters to
Dutch of course but is trani
loyal kind of I guess trone ain't
exactly disloyal just got a big mouth
don't worry if he talked
I'll godamn find out what he
[Music]
said nothing's ever straightforward
where Chelan is involved learn that much
I mean how much time have we wasted
getting this fool out of trouble he
somehow manages to be both Lucky and
unlucky at the same
time that's one way of looking at it but
he always finds some way to pay us back
just when we think about cutting him
loose he brings us something big I guess
that's his special talent keeping fish
on the
[Music]
line soon won't be much left of this
room
[Music]
a
that must be
it
easy let's get you out of here come on
boy the thing is after that Shack this
will be remembered like a good time put
the man down
gentlemen is that the lot of them I
think so so you're alive allegedly don't
worry they won't be for much longer go
get them Arthur I can handle
[Music]
this don't let him get away could have
told him
anything they've gone into the corn
fields we need to flush them
out over there where the birds
are you're dead you
bastard where the hell are
they that was fine
God damn these sons of
[__] hey check over
here come on where are
they where are
you oh come
on we got one more
Charles look at the birds go that
way Birds
[__] where
the Eternal hunt yeah this is some Arya
[__] hey I see something on the ground
over
here he's dumped his gear look around he
can't have gone far
keep looking Arthur you must be
close
huh he's mine let me take him you get
out of here you have my friend he's not
your friend I'll give you
money be
a
hand come
on you should have taken the money I
know I'm a
Fool oh [__] thank you of course you
okay yeah I'm
fine
got
what gunshots are
coming from that bar come
on too that
close he's backing off inside get after
him there he is take him out
[Music]
good he should be the last of
them all right let's go back for
trone you all right yeah never goes easy
does it sure
don't come on let's go see how badly
they beat up the
slippery better I wonder how much
trouble he's brought with him H guess
we'll soon find out seems like we can't
catch a break now Arthur